---
title: Cat Ipsum
language: en
---

What the heck just happened, something feels fishy leave fur on owners
clothes. What the heck just happened, something feels fishy bleghbleghvomit
my furball really tie the room together, so walk on a keyboard but i hate
cucumber pls dont throw it at me purrrrrr. Thinking longingly about tuna
brine human is behind a closed door, emergency! abandoned! meeooowwww!!! so
scratch at the door then walk away yet jump launch to pounce upon little
yarn mouse, bare fangs at toy run hide in litter box until treats are fed.

Lick butt and make a weird face attack the child so find empty spot in
cupboard and sleep all day, but sniff all the things catto munch salmono
bite nose of your human and give me attention or face the wrath of my claws.
I do no work yet get food, shelter, and lots of stuff just like man who
lives with us. I just saw other cats inside the house and nobody ask me
before using my litter box i like cats because they are fat and fluffy get
suspicious of own shadow then go play with toilette paper. Enslave the
hooman stare at imaginary bug, love to play with owner's hair tie
asdflkjaertvlkjasntvkjn (sits on keyboard). Love you, then bite you lick the
other cats.

Scamper i bet my nine lives on you-oooo-ooo-hooo for wake up wander around
the house making large amounts of noise jump on top of your human's bed and
fall asleep again so litter box is life. I heard this rumor where the humans
are our owners, pfft, what do they know?! i shredded your linens for you so
cat meoooow i iz master of hoomaan, not hoomaan master of i, oooh damn dat
dog. This human feeds me, i should be a god. Stare at ceiling leave hair
everywhere. Run at 3am hate dog.

Bite nose of your human stare at guinea pigs bird bird bird bird bird bird
human why take bird out i could have eaten that meow in empty rooms, yet
grass smells good. Try to jump onto window and fall while scratching at wall
then cats take over the world get my claw stuck in the dog's ear pelt around
the house and up and down stairs chasing phantoms or wack the mini furry
mouse. Fall over dead (not really but gets sypathy) spend all night ensuring
people don't sleep sleep all day ask to go outside and ask to come inside
and ask to go outside and ask to come inside, yet tuxedo cats always looking
dapper or fight an alligator and win walk on keyboard, or purr while eating.
